Foreman expects LDAP server to follow RFC2307 (#3277)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-project-to-use-ldap.adoc

Configure an LDAP authentication source to enable users to log in to {Project} with their existing LDAP credentials.

.Prerequisites

> * Your LDAP server is compliant with the link:https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2307[RFC 2307] schema.

Reviewer: alternative wording but I have no preference/recommendation:

```suggestion
* Your LDAP server complies with the link:https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2307[RFC 2307] schema.
```

Author: I like this, thanks!
